Date: Tue, 14 Jan 1997 23:42:34 GMT
Server: NCSA/1.4.1
Content-type: text/plain
Last-modified: Fri, 09 Dec 1994 19:10:01 GMT
Content-length: 2709

ARTHUR(1)                  USER COMMANDS                    ARTHUR(1)

NAME
     ARTHUR - intelligence (ARTificial) language designed to
              process visual, tactile and audible input, with the
              express purpose of interacting with Meira. 

SYNOPSIS
     ARTHUR [ eat, sleep, work, play ]

SYSTEM V SYNOPSIS
     /usr/etc/5bin/ARTHUR [ -eat, -sleep, -work, -play ]

AVAILABILITY
     The System V version of this command is available with the Sys-
     tem  V  software  installation  option.  Refer to Installing
     SunOS 4.1.1 for information on how to install and invoke ARTHUR.

DESCRIPTION
     ARTHUR is invoked in one of the four major modes, EAT,
     SLEEP, WORK, and PLAY. ARTHUR involves the particular, non-reproducible,
     output which depends in a complicated way on the sensory input.

          example% ARTHUR -sleep 10

OPTIONS
        
        -sleep
          option allows dormant period of n hours.

	-eat
	  option temporarily suspends all concurrent processes
	  for food intake. Specify p calories in l color and q flavor.

	-work
	  option can take many forms, operating at any hour, with
	  a wide ranging field of interest. Examples include
	  early morning programming sessions on the porch with portable
          computer, and late night doodling in unreadable mix of
	  print and script in ubiquitous spiral bound college
          notebooks.

	-play
	  Not a recently installed option, but significantly
	  upgraded in System V (MEIRA) version. Option play now
	  and forevermore includes either the concurrent process
	  MEIRA(1) or a connected pipe to the process MEIRA.


RESULT
     Successful execution of the ARTHUR(1) results in happiness
     for both ARTHUR and MEIRA.

BUGS
     Once initiated in a given mode, there is
     no easy way to transfer operations to another mode. This is
     especially true for sleeping, but also for reading and talking,
     both considered sub_modes of WORK and PLAY.
    
     Unusual propensity to think things through. Believes logical
     thought process can be utilized in most instances. Quite
     frustrating when correct, blind to the truth when wrong. Tends
     to ignore input not specifically designed for current
     process, which yields a high level of absentmindedness.

SEE ALSO
        meira(1) love(5) marriage(3)

OTHER IMPLEMENTATIONS
        
           To the best of our knowledge, no other implementations
 	   exist.

Sun Release 4.1.1    Last change: Just before the vows.


			Sincerely,

			Bennett

			Professor Bennett B Goldberg
			Boston University Physics Department
			590 Commonwealth Avenue
			Boston, MA 02215
			(617) 353-5789 (x9393 tfx)
			goldberg@buphy.bu.edu
