From 
Return-Path: <owner-linux-kernel-outgoing@vger.rutgers.edu>
Delivered-To: bguenter-linux-kernel@qcc.sk.ca
Received: (qmail 7397 invoked from network); 11 Aug 1998 07:08:43 -0000
Received: from vger.rutgers.edu (root@128.6.190.2)
  by hal.qcc.sk.ca with SMTP; 11 Aug 1998 07:08:43 -0000
Received: by vger.rutgers.edu id <155345-14319>; Mon, 10 Aug 1998 23:07:13 -0400
Received: from mail3s.biglobe.ne.jp ([210.147.14.243]:45090 "EHLO mail3s.biglobe.ne.jp" ident: "NO-IDENT-SERVICE[2]") by vger.rutgers.edu with ESMTP id <154799-14319>; Mon, 10 Aug 1998 21:23:52 -0400
Received: from mail-gw.biglobe.ne.jp (mailsv15.biglobe.ne.jp [210.147.14.248]) by mail3s.biglobe.ne.jp (8.8.8+2.7Wbeta7/3.5Wpl7-98042010) with ESMTP id FAA19436; Mon, 10 Aug 1998 05:09:47 +0900 (JST)
From:	adm@pu.go.id
Received: from mailsv15.biglobe.ne.jp by mail-gw.biglobe.ne.jp (8.8.8/3.6W-INET_GW)
	id FAA24801; Mon, 10 Aug 1998 05:09:35 +0900 (JST)
Date:	Mon, 10 Aug 98 04:09:31 EST
To:	Friend@public.com
Subject: HELP all women were raped during the May riots in Jakarta
Illegal-Object: Syntax error in Message-ID: value found on vger.rutgers.edu:
	Message-ID:	<>
			 ^-expected word
X-Orcpt: rfc822;linux-kernel@vger.rutgers.edu
Sender: owner-linux-kernel@vger.rutgers.edu
Precedence: bulk
X-Loop: majordomo@vger.rutgers.edu
Message-Id: <19980811062347Z155345-14319+1723@vger.rutgers.edu>

We Promise that we will throw a nuclear bomb to Indonesia to 
destroy this besterd Islam country, if they still persecute our chinese.

B J Habibie, we will kill you if you don't settle this case.

see what they do!    http://lateline.muzi.net/topics/Indonesian_atrocity/
http://muzi.net

印尼政府email:dkiweb@indo.net.id
印尼外交部Home Page: http://www.deplu.go.id
本次事件的網頁: http://members.spree.com/expose/
http://dailynews.sinanet.com/focus/1998071402/index.html

FORWARDED FROM MISSIONNET'S URGENT PRAYER NETWORK
    ___________________________________________________________
Source: Christian Leaders Association
來源:天主教領袖協會

21 June, 1998. Jakarta, Indonesia
1998年6月21日,印尼雅加達

Dear friends,

(親愛的朋友)
Here I submit a victim's account of being raped during the
May riots here in Jakarta. Reference to Huaran Bulletin
Board June 12, 1998.
(這裡我想告訴大家有關五月暴動時在雅加達發生的
強暴事件,這是我從今年6月12日的Huaran佈告版中得知的)

The purpose is to request your prayers for hundreds of
similar victims.
(希望大家能為這些犧牲者祈禱)

"My name is Vivian, and I am 18 years old. I have a little
sister and brother. As a family we live in what is supposed
to be a "secure" apartment.
("我叫Vivian,今年18歲.我有一個妹妹和弟弟,住在一棟被認
為是安全的公寓)

At 9.15 am, May 14th, 1998 a huge crowd had gathered around
our apartment. They screamed, "Let's butcher the Chinese!",
"Let's eat pigs!", "Let's have a party!" We live of the 7th
floor and we  got a call from a family on the 3rd floor
saying that the crowd had reached the 2nd floor. They even
chased some occupants upstairs. We were all very frightened.
In our fright we prayed and left everything in God's hands.
(1998年5月14日上午9點15分,一群人闖進我們的公寓
他們喊著"我們要殺了華人!","我們把豬吃了!",我們住在
七樓,三樓的家人告訴我們那群人已經到了二樓,他們甚
至追著住戶上來,我們都被嚇壞了,只能在恐懼中祈禱,將
一切交給上帝)

Afterward we left our room and went upstairs to the top
floor, as it was impossible to go downstairs and escape. We
got to the 15th floor and stayed with some friends. Not long
afterwards we were surprised because some of the crowd
coming out of the elevators right before we entered the
room. We hurried into the room and locked the door tightly.
At that time we heard them knock at the other rooms loudly
and there were some screams from women and girls. Our room
was filled with fear.
(之後我們離開房間逃到頂樓,完全無法下樓逃走,我們和
一些朋友逃到15樓,沒有多久,在我們躲進房裡之前,那群
人就衝出電梯,我們趕快進入房裡鎖緊房門,只聽到門外
傳來踢門的聲音,以及一些婦女和女孩的尖叫聲,整個
房間充滿著恐懼)

We realized that they would come to us. So we spread
throughout the room hiding in the corners.We could hear
girls of 10 to 12 years old screaming, "Mommy,
..mommy...mom...mom...it hurts" That time I didn't know
that these little girls were being raped. After about half
an hour the noise diminished and we had some guts to go out
and check. It was indescribable. A lot, some of them youg
girls, were lying on the floor. "Oh my God, what has
happened?" Seeing all of this we screemed and my little
sister Fenny, screamed histerically and hugged her father.
(我們了解到他們遲早會進來,所以我們瑟縮的躲在牆角
我們聽到大約10到12歲的女孩的尖叫"媽...媽...媽....好痛
把她丟到沙發上,我馬上反應到她的危險,於是大叫,
但是一個暴民打了我一個耳光,我爸爸也被他們用木
棍打昏,我媽媽在Fenny被丟到沙發上時就昏倒了,我只
能祈禱,只能祈禱災難不要降臨)

Uncle Dodi kept trying to stop them by offering money. His
efforts were fruitless. And in the end 5 people raped Fenny.
Before beginning with the raping they always said "Allahu
Akbar" (an islamic phrase in arabic meaning "God is great".
They were ferocius and brutal.
(Dodi叔叔試著用錢讓他們不要施暴,但是沒有用,然後
有五個人強暴了Fenny,每個在強暴前都念著"Allahu Akbar"
是伊斯蘭教的短句阿拉伯話的意思是"偉大的神",他們 顯得殘暴而且像野獸一般)

Not long afterward, around 9 men came to the room and
dragged me. I also saw them forcing and dragging my Aunt
Vera. But at that time I passed out and everything went
blank. I became conscious at around 5 or 6 pm. My head
hurted and I realized I had no clothing on my body. I cried
and realized my family was still there. My father was
hugging my mother and little bother Doni. I also saw uncle
Dodi lying on the floor and Aunt Vera was crying over his
body. I felt so weak and fainted again.
(沒有多久,大概有九個人把我拖出去,我看到他們也把
Vera嬸嬸拖出來,但是我昏了過去,一切都變成空白
大約下午5點到6點的時候,我逐漸的恢復意識,我的頭
部受了傷,身上也一絲不掛,我哭了出來,並且發現我
的家人還在,我爸爸抱著我媽媽和弟弟,Dodi叔叔倒在
地上而Vera嬸嬸抱著他痛哭,我感到虛弱而又暈眩過去)

The next day I was in the Pluit hospital. My father and
mother were beside me. With all the pains on my body I
asked, "Mom, why Fenny. Mom?" I felt a stinging pain as I
said these words. My cheeks were swollen. My mother cried
again and couldn't speak any words, while my father, holding
back his tears, managed to smile at me. After 4 days in
treatment, my condition has improved. With a sad look, my
father told me then what had happened. After I fainted 7
people raped me. At that time my father still couldn't see
well after beling hit with a piece of wood. They raped me
repeatedly. Then my father said "Vivian, Fenny is gone..."
(第二天我被送到Pluit醫院,我的爸媽在我身旁,我忍著痛
問他們"媽,Fenny呢?媽"說話讓我感到針刺般的痛苦,我
媽媽哭了起來,一句話都說不出來,我爸爸忍住淚水,對我
苦笑一下,四天之後,我的情況好了點,我的父親一臉傷悲
的告訴我,當時我昏迷了以後,有7個人強暴了我,我父親則
被亂棍毆打,那些暴民重複的強暴著我.媽媽在一旁傷心的
說"Vivian,Fenny死了...")

I was confused and cried out, "Why Dad?" My father couldn't
answer. He told me to rest and went out of the room. I cried
over and over again, feeling that my life had no meaning any
more. A week ago, after I was released from the hospital I
was told everything that had happend.
(我腦中一片混亂,哭了起來,"爸爸.為什麼?"我父親無法
回答我,他告訴我好好休息,走了出去,我不停的哭,我的人
生已經完全沒有任何意義了,一個星期過去了,在我出
院之後,才知道事情的整個經過)

When Fenny was raped she kept on fighting and so she was
repeatedly slapped by her rapists. The last time she fought
Fenny spitted on one of them. Offended, the man grabbed a
knife and stabbed Fenny's stomach over and over again.
Finally she died with blood over her whole body.
(Fenny在被強暴的時候不停的反抗,於是那些暴民不斷
的打她,最後Fenny的反抗惹火了其中一個暴民,他抓起
一把刀子刺進Fenny的肚子,一次又一次的刺進刺出,最
後Fenny全身是血的死了)

My father told me that uncle Dodi had the same fate watched
by aunt Vera who was also raped. "God...why should all of
this happen? Where are you God? Are you still alive?" My
aunt Vera now stays with her parents. She is in shock. Her
face is blank and refuses to eat. Almost every hour my
mother and I cry over all these happenings. I can never
forget. These mobs of people are uncivilized monsters."
(父親告訴我,Dodi叔叔也看著自己的太太被強暴,"天呀!
為什麼會發生這種事?神在哪裡?祂還活著嗎?"我嬸嬸 Vera現在和他的父母住在一起,她受到嚴重的驚嚇,
她的臉上沒有血色而且拒絕進食,我和媽媽無時無刻
因為這場惡夢而哭泣,我永遠忘不了,那些暴民就像是
沒有進化的怪獸)

Additional comments from Bill Hekman:
(以下是Bill Hekman的附註)

This is one of many victims. Hundreds of women and children
were raped, mutilated and killed by muslim mobs. Some had
their vaginas ripped apart, their bodies cut into pieces.
(這只是很多的犧牲者中的一個,有數百位婦女與小孩
被回教暴徒強暴,斬斷手腳,殺害,她們的的陰道被撕裂
,身體被砍成好幾段)

Over 5000 of the Chinese Indonesian's shops were looted and
burned down. A few days ago anther 63 shops were burned in
Tegal, Central Java. The city of Solo is burned down. There
is no protection and no justice in this country any more.
(超過5000家以上的印尼華人的商店被掠奪和焚燒,
幾天前在爪哇的Tegal,另外63家商店被放火燒掉,印尼
現在完全沒有保障,正義蕩然無存)

Yesterday I was in the Kelapa Gading area and that area was
spared from destruction. The police and military had guarded
all the entry roads. The people there had collected large
sums of money from door to door and paid for their protection.
(昨天我在Kelapa Gading區,那裡目前還沒有被破壞,警察
和軍隊在所有路口警戒,那裡的人們集合了一大筆錢來
支付這些保護)

A similar situation took place in the Pondok Indah area.For the people
who cannot pay millions to the armed forces there is no protection. Right
now
the hunderds of thousands of thugs,robbers, rapist, and killers live
all around us. They are our neighbors. There is no punishment for the
criminals and no justice for the victims. Yet, all Indonesians call themselves
believers in God almighty. What a hipocracy. Shouting "God is great" when
raping women andchildren is a blasphemy against a Holy God.
(在Pondok Indah區也是同樣的情況,拿不出錢的人就完全
沒有任何保障,現在有成千上萬的回教刺客,強盜,強暴者和
殺人魔住在我們的四周,他們是我們的鄰居,對於罪犯沒有
處罰,對於受害者也沒有公理,但是,所有的印尼人呼喚著
他們所信仰的"全能的神:"太諷刺了.在強暴婦女和小孩時
呼喊偉大的神,這是對神聖上帝的冒瀆)

Pray that God will annoint His preachers and missionaries
throughout this nation with the power of the Holy Spirit to
preach the message of repentance. God's word in 2 Chronicles
7:14 needs to be proclaimed boldly. There is no room for
preachers filled with fear who think of evacuation and other
selfish plans. Pray for Revival in all our churches.
(祈禱上帝在這個國家中為祂的子民塗上油膏,用神聖的
力量傳遞悔改的訊息,舊約聖經歷代志第7章第14節應該
被顯明的宣告,

There is no room for preachers filled with fear who thinkof 
evacuation and other selfish plans.(這一句在下翻不出來適切的字句,望有 
能者補上) 願我們的聖殿皆能復興 

Some Christians are putting signs on their shops "Owned by 
Muslim". May God forgive them. Healing of this nation filled 
with crime and unjustice is bringing God's judgement and 
punishment. Healing and Salvation can only come with a 
nasional repentance at all levels in the government, armed 
forces and society. Then we need to share the Gospel of the 
Lord Jesus Christ. Christ is the One and Only Savior. No one 
will ever receive forgiveness and see heaven except through 
God's appointed Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ. Thank you for 
standing with us now. God bless you. 
(有的天主教徒的商店被貼上"回教徒所有"的標語,願 
上帝寬恕他們,用上帝的審判與懲罰來醫治這個充滿 
罪惡與不義的國度,唯有整個國家-各級政府,軍隊和社會 
-的悔改才能停止傷痛,我們要傳播基督的福音,基督是唯 

chaos in Indonesia last May 13-15. Many Chinese Indonesian 
citizens were abused, tortured and killed. Their houses and stores 
were 
looted and burnt. Hundreds of Chinese Indonesian 
girls/women (aged 10-55) were sexually harassed and gang raped 
brutally. 
Some victims were even raped in front of their family members or in 
front 
of inhuman cheering crowd. 
(請將這封"黃絲帶"的信件寄給您的朋友,來表示我們對於 
在五月13-15日於印尼暴動中受害的犧牲者一體感與同情 
許多華裔的印尼公民被強暴,凌虐,殺害.他們的房子和商店 
被搶劫和焚燒,有的受害者就在家人與一群沒有人性 
還歡呼的群眾面前被輪暴) 

Some of them  were even thrown into the fire and burnt to death after 
being 
raped. Yet, not many actions seem to have been taken to investigate 
all 
this or to help the victims. And not very many people seem to know or 
care 
about what happened. Please help to spread the news and let the world 
know. 
(其中有些人在被強暴之後,還被丟入火中焚燒至死,但是,並 
沒有許多調查或協助的行動在進行,而且也還沒有很多人關 
心或是知道這些事情,請協助散佈這些消息,讓國際間知道 
這些事) 

We need help to get more international attention to help Chinese 
Indonesians, who are now living in fear in Indonesia. Please pass this 
ribbon around as the symbol of campaign against human rights 
violations, injustice, and racism towards Chinese Indonesians. 
(我們需要引起國際間的重視,以便幫助目前生活在恐懼中 
的印尼華人,請將絲帶作為反對加諸於印尼華人的暴力, 
不正義以及種族主義的標誌) 

Show that we care and may God help us! 
(告訴世人我們關心,願上帝賜與我們力量) 

-
To unsubscribe from this list: send the line "unsubscribe linux-kernel" in
the body of a message to majordomo@vger.rutgers.edu
Please read the FAQ at http://www.altern.org/andrebalsa/doc/lkml-faq.html
