From share@batelnet.bs Thu May 07 10:19:30 1998
Return-Path: <share@batelnet.bs>
Delivered-To: bguenter@hal.qcc.sk.ca
Received: (qmail 13284 invoked by alias); 7 May 1998 10:19:29 -0000
Received: (qmail 13277 invoked from network); 7 May 1998 10:19:29 -0000
Received: from linus.vsource.com (root@198.169.201.2)
  by hal.qcc.sk.ca with SMTP; 7 May 1998 10:19:29 -0000
Received: from grouper.batelnet.bs (grouper.batelnet.bs [206.48.0.10]) by linus.vsource.com (8.8.7/8.6.9) with ESMTP id EAA30658 for <bguenter@gemprint.com>; Thu, 7 May 1998 04:18:12 -0600
Received: from batelnet.bs (ts7p13 [206.48.0.249])
	by grouper.batelnet.bs (8.8.8/8.8.8) with SMTP id BAA01278;
	Thu, 7 May 1998 01:46:03 -0400 (EDT)
Date: Thu, 7 May 1998 01:46:03 -0400 (EDT)
From: Lamon Mangal <share@grouper.batelnet.bs>
Message-Id: <199805070546.BAA01278@grouper.batelnet.bs>
To: share@batelnet.bs
Subject: PROVEN MONEY MAKING IDEAS
Reply-to: share@grouper.batelnet.bs
Comments: Authenticated sender is <share@batelnet.bs>
X-UIDL: 49133218327457453373668545123954

	The International Direct Mail Order Network invites you to turn U$ 50
into $1,110,000 in just a few short months.  Make money as freely and as often
as you want just by sending out these simple financial reports.

	Life is all about chances, so why don't you take this one, you have 
nothing to loose but a whole lot to gain.  Be fincially secured for the rest of	
your life, don't let the lack of money hold you back anymore.  Be able to
make free financial decisions and be comfortable with them.

Opportunity knocks but once and when it does take it, who knows you could be
on your way to making MILLIONS if you act now, it's yours for the taking,
take a chance.

All along you maybe knew what it felt like not to have money, act now and 
experience what it feels like to have tooo.... much money.



To order your first report send U$10 to:

Share The Success
P.O.Box ss-19067
Nassau , Bahamas





A very important note,  please print your report on paper size [ 8.5x14] in order                                                                                                                                                                            
  to achieve the best possible prints thank you.



                                                                     Good Luck...+


TESTIMONIAL


Dear  Associates,

    My name is Vikki Johnston, I am 27 years old and live in
Sydney, Australia. I ask of you one thing, please read this letter
I have written. I guarantee you, it will change your life - it did
mine!
   
 When I first received this letter in the mail, I thought it was just
a chain letter:.. but after taking time to read it through, I
realized this was completely different.

    I have been through this system once now and I have received
US$375, 885 IN ONLY THREE MONTHS!!

    Needless to say, I have since quit my secretarial job at
US$7.00/ hour and purchased myself a brand new apartment. I
have set aside space in my apartment so I can continue doing
this.

My goal  is 2 million dollars... after that we'll see!

    My advice to you - just do it now! It is very simple,
inexpensive and the money will begin to flow your way within a
month.

    My first mail-out was 250. This time I am sending out 1,000.

    Never- again will I work for $7.00/hour for someone
else,thanks to this program.

        Good Luck!


V. Johnston 
Sydney, Australia


** THIS LETTER IS A TESTIMONIAL THAT IS CIRCULATED
WITH
THE PACKAGE AS IT SERVES AS A GOOD INTRODUCTION.



Dear Associates,

Please read all the pages in this letter. This plan is simple to follow, and it generates
US$10 bills freely as long as you mail it out.

    This is not a chain letter, nor is it a pyramid scheme. All the money you receive belongs
to you. This plan is a legal, multi-level marketing sales program that utilizes the postal
system for the distribution of five highly acclaimed money making Reports.

ORGANlZATlON IS IMPORTANT

1. Name your enterprise if you so desire. You may register it as a business name, or
alternatively trade under your own name as a sole trader (which is a lot easier).

2. You should organize what address you want to use. Either use your own home address
or alternatively rent a nearby mail box (not to burden your carrier). You may consider this
an important decision because you may want to move after your financial situation
improves. If you move, people won't know and your mail will be returned along with all
those $10 bills.

3. Read Page 9 and photocopy it. Cut out the five order forms from the photocopy and
order your "FIVE REPORTS" from each of the five names and addresses. Stamp or write
on five of your own "Air Mail" envelopes with your name, address and postal/ZIP code.
Put a self-addressed envelope together with the respective order form you have cut out
from page 9 and US$10 (wrapped in paper) in each of the envelopes and mail out for the
five Reports. (You will be selling these Reports when people order them from you by
mail). The self addressed air mail envelope should have an approximate size of 225 x 110
mm so that the-A4 sized Reports will easily fit.

4. Now take Page 9 and replace your name, address and postal/ZIP code for the first name
on the list. Moving the names on the list down one, type the remaining four names and
addresses for the respective reports, removing the fifth name completely. You can use
Tipp-Ex to take out the previous names and addresses before adding yours at the top and
then the next 4 names below yours. Or you can retype the whole page - if you've got
enough
energy or a helpful secretary.  Now your name is on the top, below "Order This Report
From" and you will be selling Report #1. The top four original names that you received in
this letter are now below yours. (Your name will be moved down the list as others get
involved, so you will be selling all five Reports).

5. As you wait for the five Reports, begin compiling your mailing list. Go to a
stationery supplier and purchase envelopes of an approximate size of 225 x 110 mm. and
begin addressing. Begin to make copies of your package (the one you are now reading).

6. As people request your five Reports, they will tell you which Report number they want.
So when you get all five, make copies of them. Keep a master copy. They will send you
their self-addressed envelope with a US$10 bill in it. The US$10 bill is yours to keep.
Remove it. Send back the Report they have ordered in the self-addressed envelope that
they've provided and make sure that they are sent via air mail with the correct postage, to
avoid delays.

7. Keep correct financial records. Pay income taxes on the income that you receive in the
name of your enterprise as outlined in #1 above.

8. Read and follow the instructions on page 6 carefully!




A PERSONAL NOTE FROM THE ORlGlNATOR OF THlS PLAN

    By the time you read the enclosed information and look over the plan and the Reports,
you should have concluded that such a plan, and one that is legal, could not have been
created by an amateur overnight.

    Let me tell you about myself. I began as an independent, small businessman in 1969.
Using good business practices, I had a profitable business for 10 years. Then, in 1979, my
business began falling off. I was doing the same things that were previously successful for
me, but now it wasn't working. Finally, it hit me! It wasn't me. It's just that our economy
had
gone crazy. lnflation and recession had replaced the stable economic growth that had been
with us since 1945. There were more small business failures than ever before. The middle
class was vanishing. Those who knew what they were doing and invested wisely, moved
up.... those who didn't, including those who never had anything to save or invest, were
moving down into the ranks of the poor. Traditional ways of making money will never
allow you to move up or get rich because inflation will ultimately see to that.

    You have just received the information that can give you financial freedom for the rest
of
your life. With practically no risks, but with a little bit of effort on your part, you can have
more money in the next few months that you could ever imagine! I should also point out
that
I will see not a penny of your money or anyone else's who participates in my plan. This
one's for you! I've made over FOUR MlLLlON DOLLARS and retired from the plan
after having sent out over 16,000 letter packages. I have moved to the rich side of the
tracks. DO NOT CHANGE IT IN ANY WAY. Don't feel hesitant about sending only a
few
dozen packages in the beginning. One of the people that you send this package to may
send
out 5,000... and your name is on every single one of them! Remember though, the more
you
send out, the more potential customers you will reach.

    It might interest you to know that what we are doing here, is a part of "Multi level
marketing (MLM)". Multi level marketing plays a large part in the distribution of
products throughout the world today. It has become the 3rd.largest world wide
distribution
system, and is growing in all countries which it has entered, by leaps and bounds. It is
taught in the Harvard Business College, and both Stanford Research and the Wall Street
Journal have stated that between 50% and 60% of all goods and services will be sold by
multi-level methods in the 1990's. This is a Multi-Billion Dollar Industry. Of the 500,000
millionaires in the U.S., 20% made their fortunes in the last 7 years in Multi-Level
Marketing. Statistics tell us that Multi- Level Marketing makes 45 millionaires per day!

    I am now enjoying an early, secure retirement on the fortune I made by sending out
these
packages. You too will be earning very good money in five or six /weeks if you follow the
simple steps outlined on these pages. To be financially independent is to be free. Free to
make money decisions as you never have before. Go into business. Make investments.
Retire or take a vacation. No longer will the lack of money hold you back.




         
  	However, very few people reach financial independence because when opportunity
knocks, they choose to ignore it. It's so much easier to say "No" than to say "Yes". This!
the
question you must answer. Will you ignore this legal business opportunity... or will  take
advantage of it? If you don't think this is a spectacular opportunity, then please take time
to
re-read this. You have indeed missed something. If you have questions, please feel free to
write to the sender of this information. You'll get a very informative reply.

	My method is a very simple one. I will send thousands of people products for
US$10 that cost me cents to produce and mail.

 	Everyone involved in this makes money for everyone else doing the same thing  I
should also point out that the program is completely legal! At times, you probably have
received chain letters asking you to send money, but get nothing in return. No product
whatsoever!. Not only are chain letters illegal, but the risk that someone will break the
chain makes them quite unattractive.

    	This plan has the effect and appeal of a chain letter, but is quite legal, since you are
offering a legitimate product to your customers. After they purchase the product from you
they produce more and resell the product. It's free enterprise! As you will learn from 
enclosed material, the "product" in this plan is a series of five financial and business
reports that are sold for $10 each (these Reports could cost you hundreds of dollars from 
other source). The information contained in these Reports will not only help you in make
your participation in the plan more rewarding, but will be useful to you in other business
decisions you may make in the years ahead. You are also buying the rights to reprint all
Reports, which will be ordered from you by those to whom you choose to mail this
package.

    	The concise two to five page Reports you'll be buying can easily be reproduced 
local print shop for a cost of approximately four cents per page in small quantities,  price
goes down considerably for larger quantities of 1,000 or more. Of course, you may want
to
print just a small quantity until the money comes rolling in. You can always call your
printer for another order.

    So my friend, I've given you the idea, information, materials and the opportunity to
become financially independent. Join in and enjoy! It's yours for the taking.

GENUlNE SUCCESS!!! David L. Greenway.


AN ALL IMPORTANT MESSAGE TO PARTICIPANTS

This program has been operating for over 10 years. It continues to make millions.
Don't modify it in any way. It's legal and it works! There is no limit to the number of
packages you may send out. Please assist us in maintaining the highest quality in your
re-prints. The sky is the limit on your profits. GOOD LUCK!!



***REMEMBER***


Always send an Air Mail self-addressed envelope and US$10 cash (wrapped in paper) by
any chance someone on the list lets you down and you don't receive a particular Report,
remember that everyone participating holds all five Reports. You can always request your
missing Report from one of the other names on the list who sent you another Report. Send
them a $10 bill and request your Report along with your self-addressed envelope. You
always place a stamp on this envelope if you know what the postage cost will be. This
enable you to continue with the program.

lNSTRUCTlONS

Follow these easy steps to achieve maximum results:


1.    Order all five Reports listed and numbered on the final page. Do this by ordering  one
Report from each of the five names listed. For each Report, send US$10 in cash (wrapped
in paper) together with the cut out order form from the final page and a return self-
addressed air mail envelope to the person listed for that specific Report. You will need all
five Reports because you will be reprinting them and re-selling them. Please, do not alter
the names or their sequence other than as instructed in this package. IMPORTANT:
ALWAYS PROVlDE SAME DAY SERVlCE  ON ALL ORDERS YOU RECEIVE.

2.    Replace the name and address under Report #1 with yours, moving the one that was
there down to #2. Then move the name and address that was there to Report #3, and the
name and address that was there to Report #4. You then move the name and address of
Report #4 to Report #5. Then the name that was under Report #5 is dropped off the list,
(This person has now made a bundle). Photocopy (or retype) the Report Order Forms
(page 9), making the necessary changes. WHEN DOlNG THIS PLEASE BE SURE TO
COPY EVERYONE'S NAME AND ADDRESS ACCURATELY.

3.    Having made the necessary changes to the final page (with Tipp-Ex or retyping  take
that page and the others you've just received and make as many copies as you can afford
to
print. There is no need to over-extend yourself, as you can always Print more later when
the money starts coming in. Any instant print shop can do the job for you. The more you
print the cheaper the price per package.

4.    Send a copy of this entire package (9 pages) to everyone whose names and  addresses
you can get your hands on. Start with friends and relatives, since you can  speak to them
and encourage them to take advantage of this marvellous money  making plan. Then, as
your
time and finances allow, mail to everyone and anyone .  You can get names from the
classified ads, phone books and other directories.  You can also mail to small business
publication subscribers. I have found friends in  real  estate and other sales and service
type businesses that have mailing lists of  currently hot prospects (opportunity seekers),
and they will give you access to the best names available, in the quantity you desire. Try
your yellow page directory for "Mailing List
Business". You'll find a good named list will make more money than  you could ever
imagine. It's a great investment. In fact Report #1 will give you a lot of ideas on how to
find sources for good addresses. Finding good addresses will probably be your single most
important action in making millions of dollars. When reprinting your package information
along with your Reports, use your local instant  print company. They will be cheap and
fast. Remember you want to present your mailed information in a professional, business-
like manner.






5. If you have difficulty obtaining US Dollars, send the nearest equivalent amount in your
own (convertible) currency.  For instance:

 Thailand            Baht       250      Japan                        Yen              1000                            
Hong Kong        HK$         80     Germany                 DM                    15 Singapore          
S$              15      Switzerland             Franc                10  Malaysia            Ringgit     25     
Saudi Arabia         Rial                    40               
Brunei                 B$             15       UAE                         Dirham             40    
Netherlands      DFL          20       Bahrain                  Dinar                   5       
                                                              France                   Franc                50            
                                                                                                   

HERE'S HOW THlS AMAZlNG PLAN WlLL MAKE YOU MONEY!!!


    Let's say you decide to start small, just to see how it goes, and we'll assume you those
involved only send out 200 packages each. Let's also assume that each mailing receives a
5% response. Using good names, the response could easily be much higher. Also many
people will send out thousands of packages instead of 200. With a 5% return, that's 10
people who then participate by sending out 200 each; that's 2,000 total. The response
brings 100 orders. Those 100 mail out 200 each; that's 20,000 total. The return on 20,000
is 1,000. Those 1,000 each send out 200; that's 200,000 total and the response will
generate 10,000 $10 bills for you. Those 10,000 each send out 200; that's 2,000,000 total
and the 5% response will generate 100,000 $10 bills for you in CASH. total income
amounts to $1,111,100. Remember friends, this is assuming that 95 out of every 100
people
you mail to, do absolutely nothing with the opportunity and trash package. Dare you think
for a moment, what could happen if everyone sent out 1,000 packages instead of only 200.
Believe me, many people will do just that... and more.By the way, at 1996 prices, your
total cost to send out 200 packages including printing, stamps envelopes won't be more
than US$200.


A FlNAL NOTE


    The check point... which virtually GUARANTEES your goal is simply this: You  must
receive 15-20 orders for Report #1 - this is a necessity! If you don't, within three weeks
send out more packages until you do. Then within three weeks, you should receive orders
for Report #2. If you don't, send out more packages until you do. Then within three weeks
you should receive 1,000 orders for Report #3. Once you have received at least 1 ,000
orders for Report #3, you can start to relax because you will be well on your way
receiving the full $1,111,100 (quite possibly more). Also remember, every time your name
is moved down the list you will be sending out the Reports your name falls under. You
keep track of your progress by knowing which Reports people are ordering from you.


    	It must be emphasized that this is a business; as you expect promptness for
each Report request and pay for, extend the same courtesy to those in your down-line.


TESTIMONIALS
This is my third time to participate in this plan. The first time, about four months ago, I
was
full of doubt but I still sent out 100 packages. Before it was over, I received 3,792 orders
for cash income of $37, 920. About six weeks ago, my wife and I, both working, sent out
1,000 packages. From that mailing we have already received $174,000. This next mailing
will be for 15,000 names. The only way on earth that this will work for you is... if you do
it! For your sake and for your family's sake, don 't pass up, this opportunity. GOOD
LUCK!!!!
-Rebecca Singleton, London, England

This is the only realistic  money making offer I have ever received. I participated because
this plan truly makes sense. I only sent out 200 packages, but I was surprised when the
$10
bills started filling my mailbox. By the time it tapered off, I had received over 8,000 orders
with over $80,000 in cash! Dozens of people have sent warm personal notes too, sharing
the news of their good fortune. It 's been wonderful!
            -Charles Go, Repulse Bay, Hong Kong

Before you throw this in the wastebasket, as I almost did, take a little time to read it,
reread
it and think about it. Get a pencil and figure out what could happen if YOU participated!
Figure out the worst possible response and no matter how you calculate it, you'll make a
bundle. About all that could go wrong would be if you forgot to put postage stamps on
the
packages. I even checked the Post Office to verify this plan was legaI. It definitely is. I just
want to pass along my best wishes and encouragement to you. Any doubts you have will
vanish when your first orders come in. It works!
            -Joseph Kelly, Kuala Lumpur; Malaysia

Not being the gambling type, it took me several weeks to make up my mind to participate
in
this plan. But, conservative though I am, I decided that the initial investment was so little
that there was no way that I wouldn't get enough orders to at least get my money back.
was
I surprised when I found my medium sized Post Office box crammed with order. After
that
I got so overloaded that I had to start picking up my mail at the window . I'll make more
money this year than any 10 years in. my life before. I'm planning on
sending out 10,000 packages as soon as possible. The nice thing about this deal, is that it
doesn't matter where people live. Any valid name and address is a good prospect. There
simply isn't a better investment with a faster return anywhere!
            -Akram Shuwad, Dubai, UAE

I was already a millionaire when I received this letter in October/95. I was intrigued with
its concept and simplicity. I always believed that given the right product and timing that
multi-level marketing could be a gold mine. It never dawned on me to use the Post Office
for distribution. Brilliant! I went ahead and sent out 200 packages and PRESTO it
worked.
I then sent out Another  2,500 and could not believe what was happening. Within six
months I had received $482, 625. Incredible! I'm  still receiving over $1,000 a day. When
your name reaches the 5th level its like magic. My advice to you is simply this, "DON'T
HESITATE FOR A SECOND, THIS PROGRAM WORKS FOR EVERYONE THAT
FOLLOWS THAT RULES"
            -Ernest Groot, Amsterdam, Netherlands




THE INTERNATIONAL DIRECT-MAIL NETWORK
Photocopy This Whole Page Then Cut Each Report Order Form and mail it to the
Address Shown
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

REPORT #1 ORDER FORM                            
ORDER THIS REPORT FROM


HOW TO GET RICH IN MAIL ORDER             
"How right addresses can lift your mail-order response              
by 10 times-and more"               

Share The Success                                                           
P.O.Box SS-19067   
Nassau, Bahamas
 
     I enclose US$10(or the equivalent in convertible currency notes)

     Please send me a copy of this Report as soon as possible.
     I enclose a self-addressed Air-Mail envelope

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

REPORT #2 ORDER FORM                                                                                       
ORDER THIS REPORT FROM

8 WAYS TO ATTRACT GOOD LUCK                                   

"Nothing happens by chance.  How you can                                                                        
cause yourself to become rich"                                                       
 
Mr. Van der Veer
Spuistraat 47a 
1012 SR  Amsterdam                                                                                                                            
Netherlands

     I enclose US$10(or the equivalent in convertible currency notes)

     Please send me a copy of this Report as soon as possible.   
     I enclose a self-addressed Air-Mail envelope.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


REPORT  #3 ORDER FORM                                                           
ORDER THIS REPORT FROM

HOW TO PICK WINNING LOTTO NUMBERS          
"3 proven strategies to maximise your lottery winnings                                 

Mr. Edwin Gray
28 Lewin St,
Bardon, Qld, 4065.                                                                                                                              
Australia

      I enclose US$10(or the equivalent in convertible currency notes)
      Please send me a copy of this Report as soon as possible .
--------------
---

REPORT #4 ORDER FORM                                                                               
ORDER THIS  REPORT FROM


HOW TO FIND SUNKEN TREASURES                                                
"Dozens of lost treasure  ships  are now within easy reach of  any weekend  scuba-diver. 
Here's where to find them."
 
Mr.  R.  Gerlach 
Eissendorfer  Strasse 177                                                                                                                                                                                              
D21073  Hamburg,
Germany

         I enclose US$10(or the equivalent in convertible currency notes)

        Please send me  a copy of this report as soon as possible.
         I enclose a self-addressed Air-Mail envelope.
--------

REPORT #5 ORDER FORM                                                                
ORDER THIS REPORT FROM 

51  WAYS TO MAKE YOUR BUSINESS                                                     
MORE PROFITABLE                                                                                                                         
The best check-list available on how you can cut cost and improve profits"                                                                                     

David  Townsend
Ideas Unlimited
Flat 1,  8  New  Road
Sheringham,  Norfolk,

United  Kingdom,  NR26  8EB

      I enclose US$10(or the equivalent in convertible currency notes)

      Please send me a copy of this report as soon as possible.
       I enclose a self-addressed envelope.



