From kpotter32@msn.com Mon Jul 27 04:02:40 1998
Return-Path: <kpotter32@msn.com>
Delivered-To: bguenter@hal.qcc.sk.ca
Received: (qmail 16393 invoked by alias); 27 Jul 1998 04:02:38 -0000
Delivered-To: bruce.guenter@qcc.sk.ca
Received: (qmail 16388 invoked from network); 27 Jul 1998 04:02:37 -0000
Received: from upimsrgsmtp03.msn.com (HELO UPIMSRGSMTP03) (207.68.152.47)
  by hal.qcc.sk.ca with SMTP; 27 Jul 1998 04:02:37 -0000
Received: from galazka.ibm.net - 153.35.59.174 by msn.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC;
	 Sun, 26 Jul 1998 21:01:20 -0700
To: web@marketing
Bcc: siwanltd@unitel.co.kr, tyrannized@unsummonablex.net, bruce.guenter@qcc.sk.ca, ads2u@ads2u.com, tyrano@gmx.de, siwanrec@idirect.com, ings@khconline.com, ingski@aol.com, siwriters@cnnsi.com
From: <kpotter32@msn.com>
Subject: Comprehensive manual reveals powerful Internet marketing techniques!
content-length: 5286
Return-Path: kpotter32@msn.com
Message-ID: <0386b2001041b78UPIMSRGSMTP03@msn.com>
Date: 26 Jul 1998 21:01:38 -0700


       NEED TO INCREASE THE TRAFFIC TO YOUR WEBSITE?

         NOT MAKING ENOUGH MONEY ON THE INTERNET?

   WANT REAL-WORLD STRATEGIES INCLUDING CASE STUDIES?


  The Web Marketing Bible will MAXIMIZE your success!


New websites are being built every day on the web.  Most
of them receive very little traffic, but there are some
that receive MIND-BLOWING numbers of visitors.


     Ever Wondered How the VERY SUCCESSFUL Websites
              Generate That Much Traffic?


  Now you too can have an EXTREMELY successful site!


The Web Marketing Bible is over 300 pages and outlines
ONLY the most powerful marketing techniques to get HUGE
amounts of traffic to your website.


It tells you EXACTLY what to do step-by step - even if
you know next to nothing about computers.  Many of the
top income earners on the web know very little about
computers - WHAT THEY DO KNOW IS MARKETING.  That's 
exactly what this comprehensive manual will make you
a master of.


The Web Marketing Bible is THE SINGLE BEST source of
completely up-to-date marketing strategies.  Nothing
else is written in such an easy to understand yet
comprehensive manner.  It's MUCH more powerful than all
of the other marketing information you see out there. 


Here's what you will learn:

()  A simplified system to conquer the search engines
    -  without spending gobs of time

()  How to REALLY use links with other site to explode
    your hit count

()  How to QUICKLY develop a "house list" of people to
    whom you continually market - it's much easier than
    constantly chasing after new visitors.  One of the
    authors is making over $100,000 per year with a
    house list he built in his first 5 months on-line!

()  How to use e-mail marketing successfully

()  Step-by-step info on how to use the newsgroups to
    drive brand-new visitors to your site in DROVES!

()  How to see if your page is built properly to rank
    high on the search engines

()  Case studies of several online marketing startegies
    -  You'll see exactly what works (and what doesn't). 

()  How to set up SIMPLE virtual stores that pull orders
    consistently month after month - with little or no
    ongoing marketing after the inital set-up.  You'll
    finally do the very thing we've all heard about -
    make money while you sleep!  What a great feeling! 


The Web Marketing Bible was written by people you don't
come across very often on the web - people that have
developed VERY successful websites.  These three authors
explain EXACTLY what they do to market their websites.
The manual is written in a style that clearly 
demonstrates their experience with on-line marketing.

You'll also get a subscription to the WEBSITE MARKETING
newsletter, which will keep you completely up-to-date with
the absolute latest marketing strategies. You'll also be 
able to "hook up" with other subscribers who also want to
make their sites more successful to exchange both links 
& ideas.

        You Won't Be By Yourself In Cyberspace

      You'll Be On A Team That's Pulling For You!


Here's what some previous buyers have said:

"Thanks again.  I was completely ignoring the search
engines in my online marketing efforts.  I never really
knew how important they could be.  I'm glad you "showed
me the light".  It has become the easiest marketing
method in my arsenal.  You put me in the top 5 on
Infoseek in less than one hour!  After the few times I
had tried to get on the search engines myself, I 
couldn't even find myself in the top 150!  All I do now
to keep my ranking as high as possible is to run the
two software programs you told me to.  You have paid for
yourselves many times over!"
--M.C., Maryland

"You guys are incredible.  I spent a lot of money
getting my site up and was so disappointed at my
traffic.  Then I got the [Web Marketing Bible] and sat
down with it over the weekend.  I started marketing on
newsgroups and building my house list.  I now get orders
EVERY SINGLE DAY!  I have literally made thousands of
dollars on the internet in less than two months!  And I
barely know how to get myself on-line!  Thanks a
million.  You've really shown me what's possible on the
Internet.  You guys are first-class!"
--D.W., MBA

"Your marketing strategies took my hits from 1-5 per
week to over 200!  I hope my competition doesn't find
out about you!"
--S.J., Pennsylvania


THIS IS THE BEST SHOT YOU'VE EVER HAD TO DEVELOP A 
SUPER SUCCESSFUL WEBSITE!

If after purchasing the Web Marketing Bible and imp-
lementing its strategies, you haven't experienced the 
success you've been looking for, GET OFF THE WEB OR
DEVELOP A TOTALLY DIFFERENT SITE.  At least you'll 
know that you have done everything humanly possible 
to make your website a success.


    This may be the last investment in your website 
             you'll EVER need to make!


For only $119 you can learn EVERY Single Secret to 
making your website an Internet success story!


       NEED ANSWERS FOR YOUR SPECIFIC SITUATION?

  GIVE US A CALL!  WE'D LOVE TO ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS!

                      410-321-4508
                    or order by mail:


                         WSR
                      PO BOX 974
                  Baltimore MD 21022




***To be removed from our mailing list, 
please hit "REPLY"!


